# my_project
1.	The first step is to ensure that you have created a GitHub account for yourself. After completing this, you should download Anaconda Navigator and create an account there. 
2.	The next step is to clone the repository. The link to the repository is https://github.com/Shaun-Wharton/my_project. To do this, you can open the Anaconda command panel and navigate to your desired directory to clone the repository. An example of this would be- C:\Users\shaun\Ulster_University\GIS\EGM722\GitHub\my_project. After successfully navigating to your desired directory, you can enter the command- git clone https://github.com/Shaun-Wharton/my_project. 
3.	The dependencies that will be used in this project are as follows: Geopandas, Folium, Pandas, Shapley, Matplotlib and Rasterio. To download these dependencies, you can utilse the Anaconda command panel and insert the following command- pip install pandas folium geopandas shapely matplotlib rasterio. Alternatively, you can open the Anaconda navigator programme. After opening this, select the Environments tab. Ensure that you click on the my_project environment and not the base environment. You can then select the drop down menu next to installed and select uninstalled. After this, you can search for the packages that are listed above and download them. 
4.	The test data that will be used in this project is located in the ‘data_files’ folder that was downloaded after completing the clone command.  
5.	Next, you can navigate to the home tab on Anaconda navigator. There, you will see the JupyterLab application. Ensure that you still have the my_project environment selected and click launch. From there, you can open the my_project notebook. After opening this, you can run the script as a whole. Alternatively, you can run each cell individually. I would suggest running the script individually for each cell as troubleshooting issues will be easier to define. After running the script, the results will be produced and the analysis can continue.  